Hello and welcome to the section
about how JavaScript actually works behind the scenes.
So now that you have a basic knowledge about the language,
Let's take our skills to the next levels and take a look
behind the scenes of JavaScript.
And this is the part that many JavaScript courses out there
simply skip or just mention very briefly
and that's actually, really a problem,
because this stuff is something
that you really need to learn.
Because if you truly understand
how the language works, well then you're going to be able
to write better code, to debug your code,
and to better understand other developer's code.
And toward the end, everything that you're gonna learn
in this section will really make you a better
JavaScript developer.
Now, these lectures are a mix of theory lectures
and coding examples and so you'll actually immediately
practice what you learn here.
And if something feels a bit overwhelming,
well then don't worry, you can always rewatch a lecture
or also come back to it later.
So, are you ready?
Then let's get started.